README.md, before:

# ubuntu-mimic-macos
Mimic the macOS font on GNOME Ubuntu (the whole system and most websites).
<div style="display:block">
  <img src="./screenshots/facebook_before_after.png" width="80%" style="margin:3px auto;display:block">
</div>

## Introduction
I want to bring the smooth font UX on macOS into Ubuntu GNOME.

So I chose the font `Inter`, it is the font used on Figma and ElementaryOS, and it is open-source.

You also have a choice to change the font into `SF Pro` to have exactly what runs on mac.

I also turned on the **STEM darkening**, that makes the font "bolder, thicker" like mac, but it doesn't work on HiDPI screen which has a big resolution like 4K.

I also use the font alias to trigger `-apple-system`, `Arial` font on almost websites to have a smooth UX thorough all the apps.

## Instructions

- Clone the repo:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/kienmatu/ubuntu-mimic-macos.git
    ```
- Move to the folder:
    ```bash
    cd ubuntu-mimic-macos
    ```
- Make the file executable: 
    ```bash
    chmod +x ./tweak.sh
    ```
- run (without sudo)
    ```bash
    ./tweak.sh
    ``` 
- logout and login again.
- tadaaaa
### Options
- `-sf`,`--sf-mode`: Using Sans Francisco instead of Inter
- `-s`, `--size`: Change the font size, default font size is 11.

Example:
```bash
./tweak.sh -s 12 -sf
```

## Screenshots

| Before | After |
| ------ | ----- |
| ![Github Before](./screenshots/github_before.png) | ![Github After](./screenshots/github.png) |
| ![Stackoverflow Before](./screenshots/stackoverflow_before.png) | ![Stackoverflow After](./screenshots/stackoverflow.png) |
| ![Google Before](./screenshots/google_before.png) | ![Google After](./screenshots/google.png) |

Commit message:

Feat: Update tweak plasma version

README.md, after:

# ubuntu-mimic-macos
Mimic the macOS font on Ubuntu (the whole system and most websites).
<div style="display:block">
  <img src="./screenshots/facebook_before_after.png" width="80%" style="margin:3px auto;display:block">
</div>

## Introduction
I want to bring the smooth font UX on macOS into Ubuntu GNOME/ KDE Plasma (Kubuntu).

So I chose the font `Inter`, it is the font used on Figma and ElementaryOS, and it is open-source.

You also have a choice to change the font into `SF Pro` to have exactly what runs on mac.

I also turned on the **STEM darkening**, that makes the font "bolder, thicker" like mac, but it doesn't work on HiDPI screen which has a big resolution like 4K.

I also use the font alias to trigger `-apple-system`, `Arial` font on almost websites to have a smooth UX thorough all the apps.

## Instructions

- Clone the repo:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/kienmatu/ubuntu-mimic-macos.git
    ```
- Move to the folder:
    ```bash
    cd ubuntu-mimic-macos
    ```
- Make the file executable: 
    ```bash
    chmod +x ./tweak.sh
    ```
- run (without sudo)
    GNOME version:
    ```bash
    ./tweak.sh
    ``` 

    Plasma version:
    ```bash
    ./tweak_plasma.sh
    ``` 
- logout and login again.
- tadaaaa
### Options
- `-sf`,`--sf-mode`: Using Sans Francisco instead of Inter
- `-s`, `--size`: Change the font size, default font size is 11pt.

Example:
```bash
./tweak.sh -s 12 -sf
```
## Screenshots

| Before | After |
| ------ | ----- |
| ![Github Before](./screenshots/github_before.png) | ![Github After](./screenshots/github.png) |
| ![Stackoverflow Before](./screenshots/stackoverflow_before.png) | ![Stackoverflow After](./screenshots/stackoverflow.png) |
| ![Google Before](./screenshots/google_before.png) | ![Google After](./screenshots/google.png) |
